Daddy!
Tangerine!
Everything's still the same.
Every night, I dream about
my dear Tangerine.
And that strange city that
always feels like it's calling,
it keeps calling me.
What does it mean?
What in the world was that?
Look out!
What the... whoa!
Hold on!
You're mine!
Stop!
Stop! Enough.
You're killing him.
Stop it, stop.
Look at her.
Look, I told you to look at her!
Six years ago, in Liaoyuan,
you took my little girl from me.
Where is she now? Tell me!
Where is she now?
Speak!
Come on, get up, hurry!
Come on!
- Let's go.
- I'm all right.
Let's move!
We're not done.
Tangerine!
Tangerine?
No, that's not her.
Tangerine? Tangerine?
Tangerine, Tangerine.
Tangerine? Not her.
Tangerine?
She's not here.
She's not...
Check the back of the
truck, let's go!
Arrest him!
Get these kids outta here!
Yes sir!
Unit two to
dispatch, we are inbound to HQ,
be on high alert,
we have a suspect in custody,
alert the team, over and out.
♪ My Little Tangerine ♪
♪ How beautiful are you ♪
♪ All of my
love belongs just to you ♪
♪ You're my Little Tangerine ♪
♪ How beautiful are you ♪
♪ You always make me smile ♪
♪ I love, I love you ♪
I'll give you...
...lots of hugs and
kisses because you are just the sweetest
you're the sweetest, you're the
sweetest, yes, you are!
Sweetheart?
Tangerine?
Daddy!
Tangerine!
Officer Wu, please come in.
- What's your status?
- We're all good here.
We're still on our way back to
HQ with the suspect.
We got real lucky,
this guy's bad.
Really?
What makes you say that?
He had six
children stuffed in a van.
These child traffickers
are the scum of the earth.
You're right about
that, sick bastards!
We're on the move.
See you soon, out.
Please give that back to me!
Hey, cut it out, behave!
Just give me back my picture!
Let go!
- Give it back!
- What are you doing?
Give it back!
- Just give it back!
- You're insane!
Sit back!
Let go!
Let go, stop it!
Hey, what's going on!
Open up!
Open this door right now!
Nowhere to go.
Officer Wu!
Give up!
Open this door!
Officer Wu! Come on!
Wu, he's getting away!
The keys are gone.
Freeze!
I said freeze!
Staring won't help.
I'm sure you don't know me.
But you, you're quickly becoming
our most valued asset.
What are you talking about?
Your name's Guan Ning,
you're from Liaoyuan.
You had a successful
banking career
until about six years ago,
when your daughter went missing.
Since then you've been
desperately looking for her
and failing miserably
for six years.
That's sad.
I think you look tired.
How are you sleeping these days?
None of your business.
I think you're just
afraid to fall asleep,
because of the nightmares,
about your daughter,
and that strange city, am I right?
That's right, you're the one.
Pull over.
Pull over, right now!
Did you forget?
The police are still
looking for you.
I didn't do anything wrong,
I'm turning myself in.
Go back and you may be
able to clear your name,
but you'll never
find your daughter.
You have to make a choice.
What did you say?
Leave him alone!
Go west.
- Save yourself.
- I won't leave you.
It's all right, time to go.
My sister!
You're alive.
I told you... to run!
I'm here.
Please!
Run... away.
Do it, now.
By sacred order of
the great Lord Redmane,
your heads are to
be swiftly removed.
The dead cannot be resurrected.
Sorry, kid.
Damn it, this really hurts!
Come.
Cut off this girl's head for me
and take me to the healer
in the village nearby,
and I promise you a good death.
Hey, you can't kill me.
I bear the mark of the
great Lord...
Dear sister,
we've been running for years.
I think it's time
to stop running!
You should listen
to your sister, kid.
Let's see how far you can get.
I doubt it'll be
very far indeed.
Hey!
Once Lord Redmane lays
claim to your life,
you are as good as dead.
Your rotting head will be
hanged as an ornament
outside the citadel
for all to see.
And after your sister's
body is desecrated,
her head will hang
next to yours.
Knocking each other in the wind
over and over and over,
like two big, round meatballs
left out to dry.
You don't even stand a chance.
You're going up against powers
beyond your comprehension.
You're going to die.
Dear sister,
I'm done running away.
Now I must seek retribution.
I couldn't stand that old
man's disgusting blood anymore,
just unbearable!
It made me go to
sleep for forty years!
You on the other hand taste...
What do you think you're doing?
You wanna poke my eye out?
That's no way for a
meatball to behave.
That's it! You're my meatball.
There's fire in this meatball,
and he wants to slay a god?
Mm, I know, I know,
I know, I know.
I'll tell you what,
I'll stick around until you die,
Ah!
You see that?
That's where Redmane is.
Go forth and take your revenge,
if you dare.
Around seven years ago,
I drove all the way
across the city to get some
of my favorite meat dumplings.
It was a two-hour drive and
then I had to wait in line.
You only need one traffic jam
and that's two hours of your
life that are gone forever.
Time is so precious.
Time is the final problem that
humanity must solve.
For all of us here
at the Aladdin Group,
our goal is always to give you
absolute control of your time.
Today we use the Lamp app
to save time, to play games,
to chat, and to shop.
You can even use it to see a
doctor, or to report a crime.
But most importantly,
to find good dumplings.
In the past, it would take two
hours to accomplish one task,
but now, we've made it possible
to be 10 times more productive,
because we all are
the masters of our time.
He's so full of it.
Stop wasting my time!
I'm Aladdin Group's CIO.
That's Chief Information
Officer. Name's Ling.
Get to the point already.
What do you know
about my daughter?
We think we already found her.
Well, maybe
we didn't find her,
if you wanna get technical.
But we did manage to
significantly narrow the search.
Yes, we're sure one of these
five girls is your daughter.
Do you recognize her?
She's... I don't...
I can't recognize her.
I can't even recognize
my own child.
Don't blame yourself.
She'll look very different
after so many years.
But not to worry, once we run
a DNA test on all of 'em,
we'll know with certainty.
How long will it
take to run the test?
What do you want from me?
We're right on time.
Welcome back.
Today I'll continue reading
my new story for you.
When we left off,
- our hero's sister...
- Is this live?
...supporting
her exhausted body.
Mm, it's a live stream.
She looks
up at Kongwen,
and then with a sweet smile
she says, "Go west.
Save yourself."
But before she can finish,
she's violently thrown
to the ground
while the enemy
stands above her.
It's the evil old monk,
armed with his mighty black saber,
he pierces the sister's back
without showing any mercy,
and our hero must
watch helplessly,
as her life slowly fades away.
In front of Kongwen,
towards the northeast,
several hundred miles away,
a light gleams in the distance.
Kongwen looks
closely at the light,
and in the distance sees...
A city.
...a city.
Sunlight shines
through the clouds,
and envelopes the
city completely,
and below, a massive
ancient citadel.
It's truly glorious.
The mighty capital
of the Ranliang Kingdom.
Isn't that
place also know as...
The City of Clouds.
Your dream.
Huh?
At that moment,
up on the hill,
deep within
the reaches of the palace,
Redmane felt fear for the
first time in a long time.
The Lamp app will dramatically
improve your quality of life,
because time and distance
will no longer exist.
The young man's eyes
remained fixated.
Aladdin is always by your side.
And I am by your side.
His resolve grew
as he gripped the blade...
...tightly in his hands.
And at that moment
the mighty Redmane
suddenly had a
splitting headache
caused by
a very old head wound,
which had suddenly burst open.
The pain was
so incredibly intense
that it brought the mighty
giant down to its knees.
Just now,
Aladdin Group President, Mu Li,
suddenly fainted during
his keynote speech.
What began as a small
life-sciences company
has grown into
dozens of sectors
as a large multinational
conglomerate.
For many years, Mr. Li has led
Aladdin's development...
Excuse me sir?
What did
he write this time?
He's writing about Kongwen.
He went to the capital
and Redmane sensed it,
causing his head
wound to open up.
Are you sure he's
the one we need?
He's the only one that
might agree to do what I need.
He managed to
lose his own child,
he's not reliable.
Listen, Ling, I know that
you were abandoned...
by your parents,
but stop projecting.
Don't confuse
your personal life with work.
Understood.
So what will it take?
How far are you willing to go to
get your daughter back?
- I'll do anything.
- That's good.
That's good.
You'll have to kill.
Kill?
Don't push too fast.
You'll be using
your special powers.
We know all about those.
You're not the first one
we've found with such powers,
some feel no pain.
Others produce energy
and then there's you.
You can throw
different projectiles
with lethal power and
incredible accuracy.
Look at this.
You can even re-direct it.
Killing someone
wouldn't be difficult for you.
How long have you
been watching me?
Every day we collect and
analyze multiple sources of data,
keeping an eye out
for anything that's useful.
That's actually how we were
able to connect
those girls to you.
Who do you need me to kill?
The target is a writer.
The man you
just saw on that live stream,
his book is titled Godslayer,
and the writer's
name is Kongwen.
Here's the thing.
My boss is convinced that
what happens in the story
is somehow affecting his health.
He what?
There's a character
in the story called Redmane.
Every time something
happens to Redmane,
my boss faints
like you just saw.
This is the third time that
something like this happens
as far as we know.
We've already exhausted
every legal avenue
to stop him from writing,
but nothing's worked.
And now, the writer
has announced
that he'll finish the story
in the next three days.
And given how it's
played out so far,
Redmane is likely to die.
You people
are out of your minds.
Your boss is afraid of actually
being written to death?
I know how strange it sounds.
- Do you now?
- My boss believes it's all real.
In any case, if you're not
interested in working with us,
then you're free to go.
Where will
I find this writer?
In the Twin River City.
I will kill him
for my daughter.
You only have three days.
If you want to find your daughter,
this is your last chance.
We'll need you to keep
a detailed journal,
and keep us updated.
You don't wanna let us down.
Young Kongwen
descended Sacred Wood Peak,
he left Mount Di,
and went north to the City of Clouds.
The first 200 miles
were extremely hard.
Kongwen was traveling on foot.
Upon reaching the
Luoshui River port,
he boarded a freighter bound
for the capital.
The strange waves
and water beasts
frightened the young Kongwen.
But luckily,
he avoided getting seasick.
What was to come,
Kongwen didn't know.
All he knew was that
if he didn't look for Redmane,
there was no point for him
to continue living.
Because Redmane was
the only soul in the world
who was expecting
to see Kongwen.
Land ahoy,
prepare to drop anchor!
Redmane could
sense Kongwen's presence.
He remembered
Kongwen's father.
Once a friend to Redmane
and the only man that
he had ever feared.
"Very well," said Redmane
with a faint smirk,
for the truth was he'd been
lonely for far too long.
Oh, that was bad!
Hey, Kongwen, how are you doing?
What a rude boy!
Vegetables
are so cheap today!
Yes, really cheap!
- Pass it over here!
- Hey I'm open, pass!
- Pass it! Come on!
- How did he score?
- What were you thinking?
- Come on!
- Are you a moron?
- Oh, man!
- What's wrong with you?
- Kick higher, higher!
- Over here!
- Go! Over here,
- over here, come on!
- Hey, you're a grownup!
- Pick on someone your own size!
- I'm open, I'm over here!
Pass it to me!
Come on, come on!
- Pass it!
- Aim for his head!
- What?
- This guy's a loser.
Kongwen, time for lunch.
He comes in
every day to get free food.
I can't stand the sight of him.
He's a real parasite.
Uh...
What are you looking at?
I wanna know why
you're following me.
Why I'm what?
I saw you earlier when
I was eating lunch.
And then again when
I was playing soccer.
Tell me, why are
you following me?
I'm a fan of yours.
You're a fan?
Are you really my fan?
So that's why you followed me!
Yeah.
Where are you from?
Oh, I'm from... from Liaoyuan.
And you came all
that way for me?
Oh my gosh.
- What?
- How did you get here?
- By plane?
- Oh.
- Train?
- By boat.
- And are you married?
- What?
- Well, I'm actually divorced.
- I bet it took ages to get here by boat.
Uh, yeah, right.
Which one of my books
is your favorite?
Uh...
I'd say Godslayer.
Godslayer, huh?
And from that particular story,
what character do you like?
Well of course it is
the brave young Kongwen.
So you really liked the Kongwen
storyline the most?
Yeah.
I guess... the one
with Baihan Fang
is not nearly as interesting.
With who?
With who? Who's "Beihanfeng?"
I've been developing
this new character.
Someone who's been blinded,
and can't see the truth.
But I haven't worked out
how to write it yet.
So Redmane sensed the presence
of the young Kongwen nearby...
- But I should make it clear that...
- Hello.
Why are you
speaking to Kongwen?
Just do your job!
You're spying on me?
Is that really
so hard to believe?
You people really have no shame!
Yeah?
Stop talking to
him and finish the job already!
How about you stop
giving me orders!
And tell me, what
does Kongwen mean
by this new character
"Beihanfeng," huh?
I didn't see that in his book.
Didn't you show me
the entire book?
I'm helping you kill someone,
and you're still hiding things
from me, huh?
What difference does
that really make to you?
All right then!
Guess I'll ask Kongwen myself!
What's going on?
It's my fan.
Uh, yeah.
Hey, I think I forgot to
ask for your name.
I'm Guan Ning.
Guan Ning. What's up?
You mentioned
a "Beihanfeng" in your story.
It's Baihan Fang.
Who is that?
Are you okay?
You almost killed me!
Sorry guys,
I must've dozed off.
You guys okay?
- I'm fine.
- What do you think!?
I'm sorry.
I just called the police,
they're gonna be here any minute.
Just hang on, all right?
Guan Ning?
I didn't dream
about my daughter last night.
That's weird.
But I went into that city.
It was so big.
There were armed men.
Something crimson
wrapped on my head.
I couldn't see anything.
I just kept running.
Someone was chasing me.
But I couldn't tell who.
So this
is the capital?
What a city.
Is this some kind of carnival?
You'll find out soon enough.
- Hurry up!
- Kid.
Are you all right, kid?
Grandpa.
I can see you're well-prepared,
that looks like a very strong
armor you have on.
Sir? What's really
going on here?
Where are all
these people going?
To worship Lord Redmane.
All Hail, Lord Redmane!
- Kneel down! Come on.
- Purified by fire!
Purified by fire!
When the dragon soars.
All his enemies will fall!
All his
enemies will fall!
All Hail, Lord Redmane!
- All Hail, Lord Redmane!
- What is this?
- Who is Redmane?
- Purified by fire!
He's no mortal like you.
When the dragon soars.
When the dragon soar!
All his enemies will fall!
All his
enemies will fall!
The dragon
rises, Baihan falls!
The dragon rises, Baihan falls!
This is no festival.
Oh, of course not,
you're in a battle field.
The City of Clouds used to
have 18 thriving districts,
but now only the dragon district
and Baihan remain standing.
- How come?
- Lord Redmane ordered
all of the districts to start fighting
one another, until there is no one left.
This is a war.
Why does everyone look so happy?
This is the world
of chaos and madness
that has been created
by Lord Redmane.
And you, do you really think
you can kill him?
Archers move forward!
Fire at will!
Keep firing! Keep firing!
My boy, take cover!
Fire!
Burn!
- Dragons!
Take them down!
Fire!
This is tar! It's tar!
Burn, burn, burn, burn!
Burn them all!
Charge!
No!
- Stop your whining.
- No, let go of me!
- I'm warning you.
- Let go of me.
We get these! Come on!
Amid the coming calamity,
there will be parched lips,
and lots of dry throats.
But in the joy of today,
- everything is pleasant.
- Move!
As summer fades to winter...
Let me take this!
So Baihan's image will fade.
This is not right.
You're frightened.
What the hell is
wrong with this city?
By sacred order of
the great Lord Redmane,
your heads are to
be swiftly removed.
Move, run!
We gotta get outta here!
The car from yesterday,
you set that up?
Your behavior was unacceptable.
I guess you don't wanna
find your daughter.
And she probably won't
wanna see you anyway.
What would you know?
You know nothing
about losing a child!
What's your problem?
Pull him out.
Hey, Ling!
Ling, stop!
Daddy, come and find me!
You can do it if you try!
If not, the monster will get me!
Daddy will
beat the monster!
And rescue you!
I said pull him out!
You're surprisingly tough.
I won't die.
I'll bring Tangerine home.
She's waiting for me.
Good evening, sir.
This is
the front desk calling.
There's a Mr. Lu
here looking for you.
Tell him I'll be right down.
You dropped this.
Your key card was inside,
that's how I found you.
How about we go for a walk,
and you tell me more
about your story.
So did you read it?
Uh?
- Read what?
- Godslayer, dude!
I updated the story last night.
It's not loading.
Oh, your phone's
a piece of junk!
My words were
flowing last night,
all thanks to your
little notebook.
It really inspired me.
- So, thanks.
- You're welcome.
My little notebook?
Wait, why were you
reading my notebook?
Oh man, I know I
should've asked first.
But I've been stuck in this rut
for so freaking long.
Hey, those ideas you wrote
in your notebook,
how did you come up with them?
It's none of your business!
I dreamt them, all right!
Hey, just relax my friend,
I didn't mean to
upset you, not at all.
You know, in the past,
I wasn't such weird little nerd.
I was really outgoing.
Even had a girlfriend.
But this one time,
I read a story from the library.
A book called Seesaw.
And it really touched me, man.
That's how I fell in
love with stories.
And once I started writing,
it was like nothing else
really mattered to me.
Nothing at all.
That's enough.
Let's go.
Huh?
I kept writing
and writing and writing,
and by the time I realized it,
my girlfriend had left.
My diploma had been
canceled, and I couldn't get a job.
But I felt fine.
I had my story to write.
Though I felt bad for my mother.
It's been six years since then.
Six years?
Yeah, and it doesn't
exactly pay well.
I live off my mother.
Six years and you
still haven't made it?
Just stop writing!
It's hopeless.
No matter what
people say about me,
I always believe I can do it.
As long as I keep writing,
my existence has meaning.
Did you hear that?
Did you?
Uh, uh...
On a deserted street,
Kongwen recklessly chased
the crimson cavalrymen.
The talking armor hasn't
spoken in a while.
Maybe it's fallen asleep.
Come on, let's go home.
You're so heavy!
Go away!
It's too late.
He's already dead.
Is this your brother?
You could say that.
Gifts left behind by the dead,
we'll trade them for food.
Oh.
Those cavalrymen, who were they?
When they blew their horns,
why did everyone run away?
You're not from
around here, are you?
No wonder.
Those are Lord Redmane's
personal troops.
When there's no fighting,
a curfew is imposed.
They come out and blow their
horns before sunset.
After dark, no one
is allowed out.
What happens if they do?
They get killed.
If not for you, I would've
died 10 times over.
This crimson stuff,
I can't see anything.
Little girl.
What's wrong?
This is bad. The sun.
The sun?
I forgot the time.
Don't worry.
Come on!
This way, quickly!
This way.
Over here, come on.
Keep going!
- It's a dead end!
- Huh?
Up, to the roof!
Come on.
Get up!
Come on!
I'm just slowing you down!
Here! Over here!
Come on, hurry up.
Stop!
Run away!
Run!
Come on!
Do you hear it?
There it is again.
Guan Ning?
Guan Ning!
Help me, Guan Ning!
My Little Tangerine.
How beautiful are you.
All of my love
belongs just to you.
You're my Little Tangerine.
- How beautiful, how beautiful.
- ♪ My little Tangerine ♪
♪ How beautiful are you ♪
♪ All of my love belongs just to you ♪
♪ You're my
Little Tangerine ♪
♪ How beautiful are you ♪
♪ You always make me smile ♪
♪ I love, I love you ♪
♪ My Little Tangerine ♪
♪ How beautiful are you ♪
♪ All of my love
belongs just to you ♪
♪ You're my Little Tangerine ♪
♪ How beautiful are you ♪
♪ You always make me smile ♪
♪ I love, I love you ♪
♪ Little Tangerine ♪
♪ You're so lovely
and so beautiful ♪
♪ You belong to me because
you always make me smile ♪
♪ Don't forget your
dad loves you ♪
♪ And your mommy does too ♪
That song, who taught it to you?
Where did you hear that song?
Huh? Tell me, tell me!
Where did you learn that song?
Tell me!
Tell me where you heard the
song! Tell me!
It is you!
Oh, damn it!
Get him.
Get him!
Hey, give me my balls!
Bastard!
You bastard!
Stop!
Stop, stop, stop. Please!
Where is my daughter?
Tangerine?
Little Tangerine?
Yes, yes.
Tangerine, Little Tangerine.
Tell me where she is!
Man, just listen to me.
I didn't do it on purpose.
But I put your kid in a sack
and locked her in the trunk.
I... I was scared that she'd
make noise, so I drugged her.
That was my first time.
I was an amateur.
I didn't know the right dose.
So I gave her too much.
When I checked on her later,
she didn't...
she didn't wake up.
This is rain, you know?
It's called rain.
Yeah, it's raining.
You haven't played
in the rain before.
You wanna try?
Yeah, let's go!
I really didn't mean to.
Listen, I have money, really.
I... I can pay you, man, I swear.
I'll pay you!
- Hey, did you see that?
- Oh my gosh.
Damn, who
are those guys?
Oh, they got messed up.
Go to the hotel.
I'm gonna kill him.
- Didn't you hear what I said?
- Move!
He's awake.
Take care of Guan Ning.
We're gonna need him.
Changhai Yu said..
.my daughter is dead.
He must be mistaken.
Or he's lying.
You have to be firm.
You must reassure him.
Those five girls,
was any of them my daughter?
There's no hope.
There never was.
You're in a fragile
emotional state.
I'll get someone
else to do this.
You should stand down.
Ling, what did you say?
We can't let him go!
We need him to kill Kongwen!
Where's Changhai Yu?
We have him.
I'll find a way to turn him
into the police.
He'll get the
punishment he deserves.
Punishment?
Then just hand him over to me,
not to the police!
One life in exchange
for another.
That was our deal.
I'll give you Kongwen's life
if you give me Changhai's!
Tomorrow's our last
chance. I'll call you.
Just now, you really
wanted to let him go.
Those five girls...
- they were all fake, weren't they?
- Of course.
Guan Ning spent six years trying
to find his daughter.
How do you think
I could find her?
You used his dead daughter.
You're feeling sorry for him?
Did you forget that Ning
is just like your parents?
He threw his kid
away like garbage.
Discarded and misplaced.
You were discarded as well.
And you feel sorry for him?
Why must
Ning kill Kongwen?
It has to be him!
It's essential!
Come, come!
Long ago,
the emperor had two generals
that were his favorites.
One was called Redmane,
the other, Jiutian.
They were sworn brothers.
But for a long time,
the emperor didn't attend court.
And Redmane ruled on
important matters.
People said the
emperor was dead.
Redmane had them
rounded up and beheaded.
After Jiutian heard,
he returned with his soldiers
to see the emperor.
Redmane said to Jiutian,
"Go home, my good brother.
Obey me and I'll make
you prime minister."
Jiutian refused,
and started a fight with Redmane.
What happened then?
Jiutian was killed
and declared a traitor.
His clan was wiped out.
Redmane resented the citizens
who helped Jiutian.
So he turned the 18 districts
against each other.
Time passed, and it
turned into a war.
Whenever fighting starts,
Redmane lets off fireworks.
I guess he likes war.
Dad? Mom?
I'm home.
A few years ago,
my parents went out for food,
and must have missed the curfew.
They never came back.
My dad painted that.
My mom in her childhood.
It's truly beautiful!
Art was the most
precious thing in Baihan.
All of the paintings
in the district were looted.
It'll be light soon.
They'll come to take
my mom's paintings
and kill me as well.
Run away with me.
There's nowhere to run.
The world belongs to Redmane.
Kill them all! Wipe them out!
The door's locked!
- Over the hedge!
- The hedge!
Go on, open the gate!
- This way!
- Over here.
Search the place.
Look for paintings!
I got another one!
Hey, it looks sweet too.
- There's nothing left!
- Not a piece!
- Damn it!
- Just give up already!
There's nothing,
someone's been here.
Let's kill these two brats
and be on our way.
I won't let you tie
my head to a tree!
Let's just
kill them already!
No, no, no, really?
Is this how you're going to die?
How boring.
Hello?
It's Ning Guan, where are you?
You were
right yesterday.
I have been... writing for many
years without any success.
And
at the expense of my mother.
I've been too reckless.
Yesterday, some madman was
throwing rocks at me
and I thought... I
thought I was gonna die.
I-I-I could hear my heart racing
in my chest.
And it was so clear.
For a moment I thought that
maybe dying would be easier,
so much easier than all this.
I'd be at ease,
and my story would be done.
I get it.
We live our lives hoping.
But that hope,
it's just a dream.
Just
think of my father.
One day, he was fine,
and gone the next.
If somebody pushed
me off right now,
it would solve everything.
I would sincerely
thank that person.
Unfortunately,
I still haven't finished...
writing your character.
Uh...
What do you mean by that?
I told you about him already,
I got the idea
from your notebook,
the warrior with something...
crimson on his head.
It's bothering me.
I can't see anything.
That was so cool, that I put you
in the story, yesterday.
I did write it in a hurry,
but it was all inspired
by your notebook.
Well, technically speaking,
it wasn't you I wrote.
It's more like a
crimson warrior...
that grew from deep within you.
Run!
And the wound,
the one on the warrior's head
it's exactly the same as yours.
It's practically Identical.
From what you wrote,
the warrior doesn't seem to be
going after Kongwen.
Is it the girl he is after?
I think he was after
the girl's flute.
A flute?
Yeah, I don't know.
But the warrior,
he was enchanted
by Tangerine's flute playing,
it called to him.
Tangerine?
What'd you mean, Tangerine?
The girl in the story.
A ten-year-old girl.
The one from Baihan Fang.
The one who lost her parents.
Every time this
Redmane gets sick or hurt,
my boss faints like today.
That's the third time now.
I guess the one in
Baihan isn't interesting enough.
So I wrote you into the story.
And because of your dream,
my boss has determined
it's you.
- He thinks it's fate.
- I'll bring Tangerine home.
She's waiting for me.
Daddy,
come and find me!
You can if you try!
If not, the monster will get me!
Daddy, come and find me!
You can if you try!
If not,
the monster will get me!
Your story, can it
alter our reality?
That's a
strange question.
A story changing reality?
I don't know.
But I do believe that the
story's world and people...
do exist in another world.
They're just like
us, living, you know?
Although they evaded
the crimson warrior,
Kongwen and Tangerine were
surrounded by a mob.
How are they going to escape?
Well, you're the one writing it.
So you can decide
what happens next.
Tell me. That strange talking armor
thing, whose side is it on?
The armor feeds on
Kongwen's blood.
Which means they have a...
- they have a weird symbiosis.
- That's clear.
I... I got it!
They're
gonna kill Tangerine
and take her parents' paintings.
Your heart is racing, young man.
I'll kill anyone who lays
a hand on this girl.
Ah yes,
the taste of blood.
Kill them and hang
their heads on a tree!
Cockroaches.
Come, let me crush you.
Run, Tangerine!
My meatball!
Huh?
Stop!
Enough!
Hurry!
Run!
It's you.
Huh?
No, no, no, no, no.
No.
Impossible.
How could it... what is this?
Get up.
Are you okay? Huh?
Are you done yet?
I've had enough!
What are you sighing for?
I really...
What the...?
Hey. Uh, uh, no, please.
I didn't think that you would
be so mean!
What else do you want?
Kneel.
Never!
For 400 years,
I never expected that a mortal
would control me!
You drank too much of my blood.
So what? Your blood is tasty!
I've held back for 400 years.
Bastard!
You are a bastard!
Hey, Ling, I know
you're listening in.
I'm not doing this.
I'm not gonna let Kongwen die.
After his story is done,
I'll turn myself in.
Tangerine, wherever you are,
even if you can't come back,
even if you're
only in the story,
I will make you live on.
Who
on earth are you?
I've come to kill Redmane.
I know how to get there,
to the mountain palace.
I'll take you there.
You're
so full of ideas.
Perhaps you could
do me a favor
and help me finish the story.
You'll be the first to read it.
- Huh?
- This guy.
My dad.
- I mean the man that's next to him.
- That's a friend of my dad's.
Is that the...
Oh well, that's
the famous Mu Li.
They went to medical
school together.
My dad founded a
company with him.
Then one day they
were in an accident.
And my dad died.
Take a break.
Let's find somewhere quiet.
You knew Kongwen.
He's your business
partner's son.
Why'd you hide that from me?
How did his father die?
What else are you
keeping from me?
I didn't tell
you for your own good.
Do you really
believe his story can kill you?
- Or you just wanna kill them all?
- I believe in karma.
After Kongwen and Guan Ning,
I'm next, right?
Then I quit, I'm done.
Mr. Li,
we checked a few days ago
and all of your
vitals were good.
Today, there are a
few abnormalities,
yet still within
the safe range.
If you're still
concerned about it,
then please come
back without delay,
and we'll do another
thorough check.
Ma'am, is this your car?
Please move it out of
the unloading zone!
Hey!
Pretty cool, huh?
There's a lithium battery
inside, really powerful current.
You wanna try it?
I actually thought you were
generating power yourself.
You've seen too
many sci-fi movies.
I'm just a little harder to
electrocute than most people.
As a kid I was always
touching power sockets.
I'd charge myself and then shock
the girls at school!
It was so much fun!
I'm sorry for
bothering you again.
Oh, it's okay.
You can use this place
whenever you want.
- Just keep the key.
- Okay, thanks.
For some reason,
the path was not patrolled
by Redmane's guards,
as it should have been.
So, Tangerine and Kongwen
made it to the palace easily.
Don't risk your life, go home.
I've heard that
many who disappear end up
in the palace, as
disciples of Redmane.
My parents might be there.
I have to go and find them.
Kongwen, come back.
Kongwen! Kongwen!
I know why Redmane
has imposed a curfew.
His soldiers can't
move at night.
Redmane doesn't want people to
find out. Let's go.
I'm going down for a walk.
I'll be back soon.
Here!
Take that, and that!
Where is he, huh?
Where is he?
All right, let's
split up and search.
Still going forward?
You must yearn for death.
Help me get vengeance.
When Redmane is dead,
I'll let you go.
Don't take
me for a fool.
I'm the one who
killed your sister.
My real
enemy is Redmane.
I already killed you once,
I have no hatred for you.
All along, I've treated
you as a friend.
Huh?
Come on, one more!
Come on, come on!
One more.
Huh? What happened?
Are you out? Come
on, look carefully.
I'll switch myself
to the highest current, then.
Oh, don't worry, you won't feel
a thing, I promise.
It feels good.
Come on, try it, come
on, come on. Huh?
Huh?
A rubber glove, a wooden floor.
Insulation.
How could you be so evil?
Kongwen,
the drumming is getting louder,
but there's no sight
of the drummer.
- Hey.
- What?
Armor, what does
Redmane look like?
No one
has ever seen him.
Go back.
Show yourself, Redmane!
You're scaring me.
I am Kongwen!
I've come to kill you!
There's no one home.
Take my advice and leave.
That's not drumming.
It's not drums.
It's his heartbeat.
I'm Redmane.
You damn fool!
Hey.
All right, that's enough.
Time to give up,
you need to go to a hospital.
Hey!
I recognize this face.
Unmistakably, it's
the same bloodline.
What do you mean?
You really don't know?
The year you were born,
I went to see you.
Your name is Kongwen.
You're the son of Jiutian,
he was my sworn brother!
From the start,
I should never have let you
and your sister live.
That is true karma!
But it's fine.
I've been alone for
way too long now.
This Jiutian you speak of,
my father...
You killed him too, right?
Huh?
I'll take you to
see your father.
Don't try to run away.
You can't escape.
Did you see that?
Between his eyebrows,
there was a sword stuck in there.
It seems Redmane
isn't so invincible.
Let's do it.
I'll cover you.
Here is your dear Father,
killed beneath this tree,
and buried here too.
Before I became a god,
he was my very best friend.
We fought battles
together,
drank together, we laughed.
I miss him.
You killed him!
Sadly, you mere mortals
could never escape
the grip of death.
It would bring me joy...
to kill him a few more times!
Tangerine, stay back.
How do we fight him?
Chop off his feet.
Go get him!
Watch out!
A mere mortal,
daring to slay a god?
You don't
deserve to be a person.
You're just a demon!
Go get him!
When I held your
father in my hands,
he struggled for quite a while.
Now, I'm wondering,
how long can you last?
Let go of me!
Meatball!
I shall kill you slowly.
Girl, what tune is that?
It's one my father taught me.
He said, whenever
I play this tune,
he will come to rescue me.
Your father lied to you.
Enough!
It's getting on my nerves!
Tangerine!
It's my fault, my fault.
The story is not done.
I have to finish it.
Stay here
overnight for observation.
Sorry I'm late.
It seems that Kongwen,
I'm afraid he won't make it.
My original plan
was for the police
to think you'd killed yourself.
The police would
also have discovered
Tangerine's name in the story,
and that she's similar
to my daughter.
Also, remember the dream
diary you sent us?
I forged your handwriting
and livened up your dreams.
That would prove
what I suspected,
Kongwen was linked to
Tangerine's disappearance.
That's why I wanted to kill him.
You hacked my phone,
so I couldn't read any of
the parts about her.
What a coincidence
that your daughter
is also Tangerine.
That's why you chose
me as the fall guy.
Once I died, the
case would be closed,
- and no one would suspect you.
- Yeah.
You two should leave now.
You'll get your compensation.
Five million each.
You think you can sweep
this under the rug,
but the death of Kongwen's
father will be enough
to bring you down.
Not happy?
Call the police.
We're accomplices, you know.
Do you wanna go down together?
Just let it go, okay?
Huh?
All right, I'll
need the computer.
- Guan Ning?
- Be quiet, I need to finish the story.
This a joke?
You don't know how to write.
All you can do is throw rocks.
I realize now, I wasn't
meant to kill him.
I'm here to help him
finish the story.
I had those dreams because
Tangerine was calling out to me
from the other world.
He's really lost it.
You've lost it.
You think you can
write her back to life?
You don't have that power.
Yes, I do.
Because I believe.
You're insane!
Give it to me!
Wait, Ling!
I'm really curious
to see if this story
can write you to death.
My Little Tangerine.
All of my love
belongs just to you.
My Little Tangerine.
All of my love
belongs just to you.
You always make me smile.
I love, I love you.
I love you!
I love you.
I believe,
I believe that I can write this.
Give Tangerine back to me!
What a stubborn girl.
Tangerine!
It's useless.
No one is coming to save you.
How vain the hopes of mortals.
Tangerine!
Daddy's finally here!
Say hello to my little friend,
you big ape!
Daddy, I'm here!
Quick, save me!
That's right!
I'm taking you down!
Having fun?
Who's the boss now?
Tangerine, your dad really came.
Reloading.
In the name of my daughter,
I will punish you!
Human cannon power!
Huh?
The blade on his forehead!
You're alive?
Daddy!
Come on, I need to help him!
Tangerine!
Daddy's here for you!
You can't pull it out!
Return my father's blade!
I don't wanna die!
There's so much
more I have to do.
I need more time.
I can surpass everyone
and become a true god.
I am a god!
Beat the monster for me, Daddy!
Your wish is my command!
If my parents had been like you,
I would've never worked
for that monster.
The doctors
asked me to tell you
that Kongwen Lu is stable.
Mu,
the police are coming.
Guan Ning!
Dr. Lee,
please go to Emergency.
My Little Tangerine.
How beautiful are you.
All of my love
belongs just to you,
you're my Little Tangerine.
How beautiful are you.
You always make me smile.
I love, I love you!
Little Tangerine.
You are so lovely
and so beautiful.
Your love belongs to me because
you always make me smile.
Don't forget your dad loves you
and Mommy does too.
Daddy, what took you so long?
Daddy.
Daddy, don't cry.
Daddy,
let's go home.
Let's go home.
What time is it?
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
Please rate this subtitle at www.osdb.link/9p5qf
Help other users to choose the best subtitles